# Choose-a-topic
**Explain how did I choose the topic. **

'There are too many stray' animals living around us, public park, parking lot, garbage. No one have an accurate number of them. But we still can use some datas to see how severe the situation is. According to Chicago Animal Care and Control, there were 17,554 animals entered shelters in 2015, and 8.602 of them were strays.And according to American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, approximately 7.6 million companion animals enter animal shelters nationwide every year. Of those, approximately 3.9 million are dogs and 3.4 million are cats. Those stray animals are often ill, suffer from extreme heat or cold, and suffer from diseases. Even more often, they're being chased around by hostile and violent people. People can find enough reasons to ignore, dislike, and disgust those misfortuned animals. They are nasty, aggressive, and be easily frightened. Moreover, this is not just animals' problem since we are so close to them. Free-roaming dogs may bite millions of people, including vast numbers of children. This cause pread Rabies, a deadly disease that can be easily communicated and passed on to human beings.Stray dogs are dangerous not only because of their teeth but also because they help ticks and other parasites thrive.

Many animal organizations and individuals use the Twitter to publish information and articles of adoption, euthanasia, strays, etc. And what happens next? How many people do pay attention to those tweets? How big influrence have those tweets? What are the beneficial factors for increasing audiences? In this data visualization project, I want to answer those questions by focusing on two directions: 1. Visualizing the animal related tweets, their retweets, likes and the connections between them. Therefore, I can reveal people’s connections and animal communities on the Twitter; 2. Finding out valuable factors that increase a Tweet’s engagement (retweets, likes, replies). For example, topics, time, the number of followers, post activities.
